# ${\color{red}\text{Personal Forge Folder:}}$

The ${\color{red}\text{personal-forge}}$ folder for ${\color{blue}\text{C++}}$ is a folder that holds both ${\color{yellow}\text{challenges}}$ and ${\color{green}\text{projects}}$ that are completed outside any curriculum (courses, workshops, coding challenges from websites, etc.), ${\color{red}\text{except}}$ **curricula generated by an AI model.**<br><br>

The ${\color{yellow}\text{challenges}}$ and ${\color{green}\text{projects}}$ are mostly created due to a personal desire to solve real-life problems or complete tasks/objectives given by an AI model such as **ChatGPT**, as it is one of the best mentors for assessing and improving my understanding and skills by providing coding ${\color{yellow}\text{challenges}}$, later followed by ${\color{green}\text{projects}}$, while discussing and pointing out flaws in my code.

## ${\color{orchid}\text{Architecture inside the }}${\color{red}\text{personal-forge}}${\color{orchid}\text{ subfolders:}}$

Each folder is named to reflect its ${\color{orange}\text{purpose}}$, its ${\color{seagreen}\text{order}}$, and the ${\color{violet}\text{programming language}}$ used.

${\color{orange}\text{purpose}}$: It describes what you should expect from the code inside the subfolder.

${\color{seagreen}\text{order}}$: It follows a chronological listing method.

${\color{violet}\text{language}}$: It indicates the programming language used.

${\color{silver}\text{Format:}}$ ${\color{orange}\text{(purpose)}}$ `_` ${\color{seagreen}\text{(order)}}$ `_` ${\color{violet}\text{(programming language)}}$

${\color{pink}\text{Example:}}$
&emsp;&emsp;${\color{orange}\text{15}}$ `_` ${\color{seagreen}\text{armstrong\_number}}$ `_` ${\text{\_}}$${\color{violet}\text{cpp}}$
&emsp;&emsp;It is listed as the ${\color{orange}\text{15}}$th code completed. Earlier code reflects my earlier coding style, while later code showcases a more professional approach.
&emsp;&emsp;${\color{seagreen}\text{armstrong\_number}}$: It indicates that the code produces an output related to an Armstrong Number.
&emsp;&emsp;${\color{violet}\text{cpp}}$: It is written using the C++ programming language.
